Self-Introduction: 

Good moring, Everyone! It's my pleasure to be here to introduce myself to you. My name is Sun Yi. I'm 23 years old. I come from Ganzhou, JiangXi. There are four people in my family, my father, my mother, my elder brother and I. Mention hobby, I rack my brains and regrettably find that I seem to have no any hobby except playing video games. As for art activities such as music, dance and statue, It's certain that I have no  talent for them as a student of Computer Science and Technology Institute, who is accustomed to computer code. The reason why I think so is that I have no the slightest scrap of feelings when faced with any photo of prestigious paintings, even I think some of them are unsightly. 

Next, let me begin the topic I got just now,  XXX.



1. Friend: Who is your best friend? How did you meet? what do you do with your friend? Tell me the way you make friends with others and you think what people should be your friends? 

My best friend is my middle school classmate, Zeng Qiang. At the age of grade two of middle school, all students of eighth graders were placed in new classes after disorganized. Coincidently, he and I were grouped in the same class. The first impression he gave me is active and warm. He was both tall and strong, but he had never bullied other classmates. On the contrary, he was willing to help others. However, the least of perfection was that he was not good at study, so he often asked for my help when he encountered some problems which he couldn't solve by himself. I got to know him at middle school and kept up with him in these years. 
As for friends, it's a better choice to make several confidants instead of many ordinary friends as far as I'm concerned. Therefore, I'm indifferent to persons whom I don't recognize. To some extent, it's right that there are people who meet me think me distant because I'm selective to express my enthusiasm on account of my limited energy. After all, in my opinion, I don't have to be enthusiastic about who are very different from me in overlooks on world, life and values. 
That's all, thank you for your attention.



2. What is your favorite sport? Do you think that sports will do you good? What kind of sports are popular in your country? Is it good for sportsmen to do advertisements? Do you think athletes receive too much money from doing commercials? 

I don't like any drastic sports because I'm myopic and I worry amotio retinae when I am doing some drastic exercises. Besides, another reason why I disklike even hate drastic sports is that I had a broken right arm when I tried to imitate pole vault in summer vacation which is at the end of Grade Four. So far, I still remember the feeling of fracture, it seems that the lower half of right arm doesn't belong to my body. Ache and panic occurred at the same time, I didn't know how to do except cry. What's worse, my broken arm wasn't been normalised after asking for help of several hospotals. Therefore, my father specially return to home from Guangdong Province where he worked so as to heal my right arm. During that time, my family got into trouble because of my fracture. Since then, I try my best to avoid any drastic sports because I wouldn't like to repeat the past. 
If it is necessary to choose a sport, I will choose badminton. After all, badminton is not drastic sport as far as I'm concerned. In addition, I had enjoyed it in the past even though I was not good at it. As for events in sports circles, I don't express my views because I never focus on sports circles. 
That's all, thank you for your attention.



3. What other types of relationships, apart from friends and family, are important in people's lives today? 

Apart from friends and family, I think classmates are also important in peoples' lives today. From primary school to university, we meet many classmates whom we have forgotten, whom we still remember and whom we still keep up with. And now, we are having a lesson with classmates. 
Family is whom we live with in the same home. Similar to family,  classmates are who study with us in the same class. On the other hand, diferent from family who has blood relation which can't be erased to us, classmates hasn't it, and even quantities of people regard classmates as strangers. The attitudes  towards classmates range from indifferent to enthusiastic and vary with different individuals. In contrast to friends, there is just one more call among classmates. Everyone make friends whose overlooks on world, life and values is the same as his or hers in general or complementary to his or hers, and friends like this are also likely to be called classmates because of experience of studying in the same class. Therefore, close classmates is the same as friends except additional call as far as I'm concerned. 
Generally speaking, in a personal way,  friends are less close than family meanwhile the number of friends is more than the number of family. There is connate advantage in family relation and friend relation dominates in term of number compared with family relation. The two advantage occur in classmate relation, nonetheless, it's still not known which relationship benefit us to the largest extent in the future. 
The above is only personal opinion. That's all, thank you for your attention. 



4. How important are holidays to you? How do people in China spend their holidays? What did you do in your last holidays? Is there anything you dislike doing during holidays? Do you think it's important for people to have holidays? Do you think it's resonable for an employer to ask his or her employee to work in their rest time? 

As far as I'm concerned, holidays are not important because I would take the time to have a rest however busy I am. Mention holidays, the most peoples' first reaction is to travel in domestic or abroad. As for travel on holidays, there are all kinds of reasons such as having a break, broadening one's horizons and enjoying different scenery, but it doesn't suit me. The last holiday is Tomb-sweeping Day, I just stay at school during that time. As a traditional southerner, I'm attached to my native and unwilling to leave it. In other words, I hate to leave a place where I has lived long, so I have never liked traveling whether in domestic or abroad even though there are so much benefit. It will be absolutely due to majeure such as job if I leave a place where I has lived long in the future. In addition, I prefer playing games or reading by myself  in a quiet environgment to sightseeing or shopping in a noisy and crowded environment. 
In my opinion, it's important for people to have holidays. After all, it's necessary for people to have a rest after whether long-term work or heavy course of study. As the saying goes,"Alternate tension with relaxation in work or alternate work with rest." It will result in metal fatigue if a machine runs for a long time, quite apart from people, so it's absolutely essitial to have holidays in order to retain efficiency. Of course, aforementioned view doesn't mean I disagree that an employer induce his or her employees to work in their rest time by increasing salary temporarily. Such behavior could be recognized if employees have the right to choose holidays or  working overtime. 
The above is only personal opinion. That's all, thank you for your attention. 



5. What's your favourite food? How often do you eat that? Do you usually make that yourself or do you usually buy it? When you were young , did you learn how to make a meal( = how to prepare food) ? Have you ever thought about learning how to cook? 

What is my favorite food? Of course, that's chicken claw. Don't ask me how to make chicken claw delicacies, I don't know and I just like eating it. However, if you ask me which raw materials are needed to make chicken claw delicacies, I will tell you the answer is: chicken claw, pepper, ginger, garlic and oil. There is a point I must clarify here that there is likely to be different ways of making this dish in different regions, so it's normal that there are all kinds of recipes for the same dish, I just state what I know. 
In the past, I had tried to make this dish, but it didn't go well, my errors was so many that my mother couldn't stand and then took over it. Therefore, my first try was aborted. Since then, I have never tried to make it. I have eaten two kinds of this dish, one was made by my mother and the other was made by school cantee. You know, there is simply no comparison between these two, the latter even decrease the level of my love for this dish sucessfully, so I seldom eat that now. 
When I was young, I had learned to how to make others dishes except chicken claw, such as fried rice with egg. In the period of primary school, I had prepared a breakfast with fried rice with egg by myself in morning, and then attended school after breakfast. However, it's a pity that my memory of how to  make fried rice with egg has become blurred. What's worse, I sometimes don't have breakfast now. 
That's all, thank you for your attention. 



6. Would you say you are good at managing your time? Do you think time is very important? Do you think time management is important? 



7. How do you usually get your news? What types of news do you like ? Which do you think is more import, domestic news or international news? How do you think that being aware of the news can affect a person's life? Besides newspapers, what are some other ways people get news? 



8. Describe your latest interesting travel in detail. When and where you go? Whom you go with? What things you do? Describe some interesting things happends during your travel. 



